Assignment: 2966856 (TC Submission: Lab 1 Research Poster )

Commenter: Jennifer Royston

Commenting on: Lauren Katherine Berry, Vanessa Patricia Koscisz, Jaimie Lin Krankel, Runhan Wang (Group: Section 08 Lab 1 Group 1)
Comment: Delivery: try to engage with the visuals more; move next to them and point, etc. to engage your audience and allow us to focus on the point you're discussing.  See comments on your submission for specific feedback!

Commenting on: Jonathan Scot Fay, Patrick Gilbert McGowan, Abhineet Repala, Owen Thomas Willoughby (Group: Section 06 Lab 1 Group 2)
Comment: See comments on your submission!  Delivery: nice introduction/context Be sure to practice a crisp closing statements to avoid the "and that's about it" ending!

Commenting on: Benjamin Ryan Bickel, Jessica Faith Kennedy, Ella Cristine Lunseth, William Douglas Waite (Group: Section 08 Lab 1 Group 2)
Comment: Delivery: solid ending that summarized and clearly ended your talk, well done! Good rationale for your recommendations See your submission for comments on the poster

Commenting on: Cameron Adams, Megan Elizabeth Backer, Vincenzo Nicola Ciarelli, Jade Nichole Friedlis (Group: Section 06 Lab 1 Group 1)
Comment: Nice opening; it was great to hear you tell us at the introduction that you found the solution, which fits the context well.  Your talk could benefit from using transitions between speakers--acting as signposts to your talk. Keep this in mind for the slide deck presentation coming up next.  Your figures would benefit from direct labels; they are preferable to legends because it makes them easier to read.  Be sure to practice a strong concluding statement that allows your audience to know that your presentation is finished.    Sensitivity analysis color could match those below.  Proposed solutions and recs could be combined into one figure, perhaps. There were some questions about the order/hierarchy of your solutions. Your delivery in this final recs section was effective.

Commenting on: Brady Bush, Matthew J Gibson, Kevin Mathews, Mekhi Phillips-Rincher (Group: Section 08 Lab 1 Group 4)
Comment: See your submission for comments

Commenting on: Erik David Flaspohler, Peyton D McCaslin, Peter Luke Patrick, Isak Martin Robinson (Group: Section 06 Lab 1 Group 3)
Comment: See your submission for comments! Delivery: don't be afraid to move next to the screen and point, engage with the visuals a bit more. This engages your audience and allows us to see the exact point you are presenting.

Commenting on: Soch Foskic, Vanessa Eliza Patino, John Carlisle Wohlscheid, Zixuan Zhu (Group: Section 07 Lab 1 Group 4)
Comment: Delivery: move next to the poster and engage with it a bit, point so your audience can follow your visuals as you discuss them. Aim to include oral transitions between speakers. 5:51, a bit short; you had some room to expand. See your submission for specific comments on poster design.

Commenting on: Lydia Ann Alig, Brady Richard Buten, Anna Sharon Larsen, Pedro Bignotto Racchetti (Group: Section 07 Lab 1 Group 1)
Comment: See your submission for comments

Commenting on: Anthony Spiro Balderas, Stephen Ken Lee, Alexander Joseph Putti, William Logan Stein (Group: Section 09 Lab 1 Group 2)
Comment: Delivery: try moving next to the poster when speaking; engage with the visuals, this engages your audience  Try to practice a strong ending statement to conclude your talk in an assertive, crisp and clean way See your submission for comments on the poster design

Commenting on: Madelyn Jane Hoffhines, Caiden Daniel June, Alexander John Patterson, Katharine Madison Rogers (Group: Section 06 Lab 1 Group 4)
Comment: Title could be refined: best for it to include the topic, method, and outcome, with reference to the client/car name--you DO hit on some of these! Delivery: don't be afraid to move next to the screen and engage with it--this engages your audiences and allows us to focus on the point you are referencing in the talk.  Your poster would benefit from margins and more white space, especially around the perimeter. If alignment is tight, you could remove the blue bars between columns.

Commenting on: Madelyn Jane Hoffhines, Caiden Daniel June, Alexander John Patterson, Katharine Madison Rogers (Group: Section 06 Lab 1 Group 4)
Comment: Try to use direct labels vs. legends; labels make figures easier to read. Be sure to practice a strong final concluding statement to indicate the completion of your presentation.  See your submission for more comments.

Commenting on: Stuart McIntyre Brown, Trey Holman, Florian Willibald Lautenschlager, Peter Brogan Storer (Group: Section 08 Lab 1 Group 3)
Comment: Delivery: avoid using notes; it can affect eye contact and engagement with the audience  See your submission for comments on your poster design

Commenting on: Hannan Aziz, Jacob Andrew Beckerman, Eric Andrew Giles, Alisha Patel (Group: Section 07 Lab 1 Group 2)
Comment: Axes labels need to be increased and darkened throughout the poster; keep this is mind for figures in ALL subsequent assignments.  See your submission for more specific comments

Commenting on: Isaac Henry Backman, Peter Messina, Griffen Dean Persails, Spencer Wong (Group: Section 09 Lab 1 Group 1)
Comment: Delivery: try to avoid presenter notes; it disrupts eye contact and engagement with the audience.  See comments on your submission for poster feedback

Commenting on: Fernando De Torres Gonza, Jerry Huang, Sydney Grace Tadavich, Megan Rose Vigneau (Group: Section 09 Lab 1 Group 4)
Comment: Delivery: try to avoid presentation notes; they affect eye contact and your engagement with the audience  Practice a strong concluding statement to achieve a crisp, clear ending  See your submission for poster design comments.



Commenter: Joe Montgomery

Commenting on: Nicholas Eugene Blanchard, Edward James Ervin Gamble, Brandon Lee Kieranen, Zachary Richard Small (Group: Section 03 Lab 1 Group 4)
Comment: Thanks again for letting me know about the group numbering mixup.  I added one additional note in the audience awareness criterion, and the delivery criterion was moved over from the other group's rubric. In total, this increases your score by one point.  Sorry again for the confusion.

Commenting on: Leo Chuang, Drew Steven DeHorn, Matthew Lee Kim, Kian Mike Montazery (Group: Section 03 Lab 1 Group 3)
Comment: It was brought to my attention that 3-3 and 3-4 were switched during presentations, and I didn't catch it, so part of the audience awareness criterion and the entire delivery criterion were meant for another group.  I tweaked the points on these two criteria, but they balance out, so there's no effect on your grade.  Sorry about the mixup.



